Wow
couples who live together do start to
look alike so mumbler what's your doing
what does it look like I am cleaning did
you get Monica's authorization to move
all of her stuff authorization I don't
need that I'm gonna put everything back
put it back exactly where you found it
yes I'm gonna put it back in get me
where I found it okay first of all that
attitude is not helping she's not gonna
care if I put her stuff back in the same
stupid place oh hello did you just meet
Monica she is gonna recognize that I did
a nice thing and and appreciate it
huh no actually this will work out well
because when you have to move back in
with Joey Joey's hot new roommate can
come live with me I see I see you trying
to freak me out
look Chandler Monica it is really weird
about this kind of stuff believe me I
lived there for 16 years she is going to
freak out oh my god she's going to sit
on you which is not okay you know I'll
prove it to you I'm gonna call her right
now phone's done
hi hey Mon how's it going terrible I'm
sorry if I want something done right I
have to do it myself other people just
wreck stuff I really think I might kill
someone tonight
okay is this lamp in the right place who
cares i repel women you get here bro
Ross is naked
what what I couldn't see what I was
naked because she's allowed to see me
naked why does anyone have to be naked
why is Ross naked
I
I had to show Chandler something naked
yeah I uh I guess I have a guy problem
is it the same thing to Chandler head
look just just come back later we'll get
everything squared away and you can come
back later okay hey listen there's still
some of Chandler's medicine left under
the sink in the bathroom
thank God dude what you have look we
have no time okay we must focus we got
to get everything back into its original
place the photo album there were
millions of pictures of the apartment in
the photo album we just go through it
and match everything to the pictures
that's perfect huh that's brilliant
so really what do you have is it okay
for me to come in now
uh-huh
why is everything different by no I
don't I don't see anything different
others in fact the room got so much
brighter when you came into it well V
IND Abel is wrong and the couch looks
bizarre and don't even get me started on
the refrigerator magnets yeah well don't
don't be mad okay but after I unpacked
the boxes I want to do something nice
for you so I I cleaned the apartment so
I moved everything around and then I
forgot where it where it went back and
I'm sorry I'm very sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry it's okay
Chandler are you afraid of me or
something do you want me to be afraid of
you guys tonight like gosh Chandler what
you did it's just a wonderful thing and
I really appreciate it
I know I have this weird thing where I
want everything to be in the perfect
place but I would never expect you to
worry about that really of course
oh you're the best you come here to me
all right hold on okay first things
first okay now did Ross sit anywhere
while he was naked